All right. Second try. Second try
streaming.
Let's see.
All right.
Well, welcome.
My name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up.
And [snorts] today I'm going to be
playing
Minecraft hardcore.
I want to make sure that this is
working.
Is it working?
Took me straight to an ad. It looks like
it's working.
Hello Christina.
Good, good. Finally.
Second try.
All right.
Here we are. This is my world. The sun
is going down.
We're going to start this live stream by
going to sleep.
We're going to sleep in my white bed.
Sleep.
And in this stream
I want to build a huge wall.
A big wall
out of deepslate.
Let's see. I'm going to put my things
away in one of these chests.
I don't need flint and steel. I don't
need an egg.
I don't need
some carrots.
I want to plant some carrots
in the future.
But right now, let's go look for a place
to build a huge wall.
I'll open my door and close it.
There's my happy ghast.
Okay, Donald.
My happy ghast.
Where should I build my wall?
I want to build it close to my house.
Ooh, I need to eat. Let's eat some pork
chops.
So far
in this world
we've survived 53 days.
A zombie.
Let's kill this zombie.
No. Die. Die.
Die, zombie.
I should chop down some of these cherry
trees.
Where should I build my wall?
I need to remember that this lava is
here.
Let's go this way.
Some XP.
Maybe around here.
I think I'll build my wall around here.
I'm going to take my shovel and I'll
start digging up some of this dirt.
I want this area to be flat.
Okay.
Some melons. Let's pick up these melons.
I'll use my axe.
Lots of melons.
Okay.
Now I'll switch back to the shovel.
And let's start digging up this dirt.
Okay.
Ooh.
There's a floating melon here.
Let's break it.
We picked up a bunch of melons.
Okay. And I'll chop down some of these
trees.
Chop, chop.
And this tree here.
Thank you, man. Awesome.
Hello Socrat.
9390.
Welcome.
Oh, I can't reach.
Let's get some dirt. Let's go up.
Ooh.
There's a cow down there.
Okay.
And let's chop this wood.
Hello, cow.
Ooh.
And let's chop this tree.
I'm going to climb up there.
Like this.
Switch to my torch.
Okay.
Never mind. Never mind. That's not a
good way of doing it.
I'm just going to chop it down normally.
I was trying to climb to the top, but I
couldn't.
Hello
Andrei? Andrei Burkin? Hello, you are an
excellent English teacher. Thank you for
your work. Oh, thank you. Thank you. I
appreciate it.
I'm glad you're liking the videos.
Let's chop down this wood.
Chop down this tree, I mean.
And collect some wood.
All right. We picked up 27 logs.
Hello, Dylan.
Thanks for the videos, bro. No problem.
Thanks for watching.
Okay.
And now I'm going to clear away this
grass. Let's break this grass.
All right.
And we're picking up lots of seeds. 16
seeds.
You've watched all my videos twice.
That's impressive.
Okay.
Let's replant these jungle saplings.
There we go.
You viewers in the comments, tell me
what country you're from.
I am in the United States.
All right.
Cool.
Now we have a lot of space.
Now let's take some of our polished
deepslate.
And I'm going to begin building a huge
wall right here.
This wall
Hmm, maybe it'll start right here.
Let's go up two blocks. One, two.
From Mexico. Cool. Poland.
Very nice.
Okay.
I want this to be pretty big.
So let's keep going.
A little bit further.
One, two. One, two. One, two. One, two.
Okay.
Have you played MUGEN? Yes. I love
MUGEN.
MUGEN so far has been really cool.
I haven't played too much yet.
Eddie, have you played The Binding of
Isaac?
Okay.
Let's keep going up.
I'm going to use all of this deepslate.
Up, up.
I should be careful. Maybe I should use
my ghast.
I'm going to go down and I'm going to
get on my happy ghast.
So I don't fall down
and die.
That would be bad. That would be really
bad.
Hello. Thanks for your awesome videos.
Or thanks for your videos. Thank you.
Thanks for watching.
Oh, there's a chicken.
Are the chickens escaping?
Come on, chickens.
There are two more chickens here.
Let's take them inside this fence.
Open.
And close.
A bunch of eggs.
Let's see. We got five of eggs here.
And
Here we go. This chicken was trying to
escape.
No way, chicken.
Okay, let's get on the happy ghast.
Um
Jump. Come on. There we go.
And now let's fly over to the wall.
I'm flying.
I love the happy ghast.
You like meugenics more than Isaac?
Cool.
Isaac is one of my favorite games, but
so far meugenics has been really cool.
Okay.
Now I'll continue building, but first
I'm going to put away
the shield.
It makes it hard to see.
Okay.
And let's build.
All right, I need more
polished deepslate. And let's continue.
Aw.
I misplaced this block.
Okay.
It's night time.
But I'm going to continue building.
Cuz I'm on my ghast.
If monsters come,
I can fly away.
Oop.
Let's get back on.
How do I go down?
There we go.
Creating short videos and regular videos
on the same channel can harm the videos'
recommendation score.
Huh.
I don't know anything about that.
All right, we need more deepslate.
It's really dark.
It's night time.
Shoo.
Okay.
Let's continue building.
Ah.
Let's break this block.
Break.
And we'll continue building.
Okay.
I think this is tall enough.
This looks good.
Break.
Okay, it's night time, so I'm going to
fly back home.
Huh. Uh-oh.
A skeleton.
Fly away, fly away.
I think that skeleton shot my ghast.
Uh-oh.
Let's fly over here to the water.
We need to protect the ghast.
Okay.
And now
I'm going to jump off.
And I'm going to kill this zombie.
Jump.
Die, zombie. Die.
Let's pick up the XP.
Okay. Now let's run inside.
Close the door and let's sleep.
We're sleeping through the night.
Morning.
Burn, zombies. Wow, there are a ton of
zombies here. 1 2 3
4 5
They're burning.
This one's holding a shovel.
Die.
Let's collect some XP.
Oh, I'm on fire. Let's run to the water.
All right, XP.
We're almost level 27.
Are you broadcasting simultaneously on
Twitch and Kick? No, but I've thought
about doing that.
I've never streamed on uh Kick before or
Twitch.
So, maybe that's a good idea.
Okay. Let's go back to our wall. I want
to grab
maybe some bamboo.
Oops.
Any bamboo?
Here we have some bamboo.
But not enough.
Hmm.
Will the stream recording be saved? Yes.
Yes.
It'll be on my channel.
Um
Hmm.
Well, let's go collect some more bamboo.
I'm going to build an iron sword.
Let's get two iron.
And let's build an iron sword.
Okay.
Let's go over to our bamboo.
And let's collect a bunch of bamboo.
Bamboo.
Okay.
There's some fish down there.
Let's pick up more bamboo.
Some rotten flesh from the zombies.
Continue.
Lots of bamboo.
All right, look at all of that bamboo.
Great.
We're going to need this bamboo to build
some bamboo blocks.
Oh, and I think my inventory is full.
Yep. Let's throw away Actually, let's
equip the shield.
Um and let's throw away
a stick and some rotten flesh.
So, we can pick up more bamboo.
So much bamboo.
Okay, and our inventory is full again.
So, let's build some bamboo blocks.
Over here.
Open.
Close.
Okay, where are the bamboo blocks?
Bamboo.
There they are.
Okay, we built a bunch
of bamboo blocks.
I think that'll be enough.
Let's go over to the wall.
This way.
Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump. Jump.
Okay.
Now let's take the bamboo blocks.
And here
I'm going to place blocks up.
Let's go up.
All right.
Ooh.
Okay, I'm going to go down right here.
Aha! I landed on this vine.
So I didn't get hurt.
Okay.
Let's go up this way.
Cool.
And now I'll place some bamboo blocks
right here.
Okay.
And I'm going to
once again
try to jump off and land on that vine.
We did it.
Cool.
All right.
What else does this wall need?
Maybe some torches?
I'm going to take my shovel and dig up
some more of this dirt.
More dirt.
Okay.
Um let's see.
I'm going to read some of your comments.
Um thanks for the video. Thanks to
videos like this, comprehensible input,
I've started to understand spoken
English at an A2 level, but I still
haven't how to speak or form sentences
uh myself.
Well, it sounds like you're making good
progress. You just have to keep going.
Keep on listening and keep on watching.
You're doing a great job, Eddie.
Um Andrew says, "The Skyrim video was
incredible. Are you planning to record
another video about Skyrim?" Yes,
absolutely. I love Skyrim. Skyrim is one
of my favorite games. So, I'm definitely
going to be playing more Skyrim on this
channel.
Definitely. And maybe Oblivion. I might
play Oblivion on this channel.
More dirt.
I started digging a huge hole right
here, a square.
A square hole.
Do you see it?
It's a big square.
I want to dig down here all the way to
bedrock.
Okay, I'm going to eat some pork chops.
Stardew Valley, also a good idea, it
seems to me. Yes, Stardew Valley would
be a great game to play on this channel.
I haven't played much Stardew Valley.
I've played it one or two times,
but not much.
Let's chop down some of these cherry
trees.
I'm going to chop down this cherry tree.
Another game I was thinking about
playing on this channel is Zelda, uh
Breath of the Wild.
I think Zelda could be a fun game to
play.
And let's pick up
these cherry saplings so we can plant
more and more cherry trees.
I'll chop down this cherry tree.
This tree is huge.
This is a big tree.
Okay.
And I'll replant them.
Plant. Plant.
Wow, these cherry trees are huge.
Okay.
And let's pick up the wood.
More cherry wood.
Okay.
You can see some leaves falling
from the lea- from the trees.
The leaves are falling.
All right.
Let's go back home and let's go to
sleep.
Oh.
First I'm going to plant these cherry
saplings.
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six. Seven.
>> [clears throat]
>> We planted seven cherry saplings. All
right, let's go to sleep.
Ooh.
Open the door. Close the door and sleep.
I want you to play Animal Crossing on
this channel. Ooh, Animal Crossing would
be fun.
It's been a long time since I've played
Animal Crossing.
Okay.
Let's see.
I have a potato farm,
but I want to build more farms.
Because I know I have more crops.
Where are my crops? Here they are.
So I have carrots. I could plant some
carrots.
I could plant some wheat.
Um I could plant some beetroots.
Maybe we'll start with carrots.
I need some fences.
Do I have any fences?
Here are some fences.
Any more fences?
No.
Okay, I can build some more fences with
this bamboo.
Let's turn these blocks of bamboo into
bamboo planks.
And let's build some sticks.
There we go. Now we can build more
fences.
More bamboo blocks.
Um we need more sticks.
Okay.
There we go. I built a bunch of bamboo
fences.
Cool.
Ooh.
There is one thing I wanted to add
to this wall.
Let's see.
I wanted to make this wall my wall of
supporters on my Kofi page.
So I wanted to say
"Wall of supporters" up there.
I'm going to pick up some yellow wool.
Let's get my shears.
Or maybe I'll just make it say
"Supporters".
That way it's just one word.
Let's open this gate and close it and
let's shear these sheep.
Okay.
13 yellow wool and I think I have more
yellow wool in the house.
Welcome, Fui
I I can't say that. Fui
Fui Fui
Lani? Fui Iglani?
First live, yes. First live playing
Minecraft.
Um do I have more yellow wool?
Only eight? I thought I had more yellow
wool.
Let's breed more sheep with some wheat.
I'm going to need a lot of yellow wool.
So let's breed some more sheep.
More yellow sheep.
Okay.
There we go.
Baby sheep.
And let's shear this sheep.
And this sheep.
Okay.
All right, let's go back to the wall.
I'm going to build a staircase up there
with some dirt.
We'll go like this.
A dirt staircase.
So, now I can get up.
Up. Up.
Up.
Okay.
And up here, I want to write the word
supporters.
I might have to change the wall a little
bit if it's too wide or too short.
I'll start right here. Let's go up two
blocks.
Okay.
This is kind of dangerous. Maybe I
should get back on the ghast.
Where is my ghast?
I don't want to die on this live stream.
That would be really terrible.
Come on, ghast.
Ghast.
Come on.
I need some snowballs.
Jump. Yes.
I jumped on the ghast. Okay.
To our wall.
Ooh.
There's a a trading villager over there.
Okay.
Almost there. The ghast flies pretty
slow.
It's not very fast.
Okay. I'm going to take some yellow
wool.
And once again, I'm going to put away my
shield.
Okay.
Now, we'll start with the letter S.
Um
Like this.
Okay.
Oop.
There's an S.
Let's go down a little bit.
Now, we have to make a U.
I'll put away my wheat.
There'll be a space here.
And now a U.
Okay. S U
Next, we need a P.
A P.
Oop.
Oh, no.
Ooh.
I need to be careful.
Oh, I took off the harness. Oh, no.
Come back, ghast.
I need to eat.
Let's eat some pork chop.
There we go. Let's eat some pork chop.
Let's see.
Terraria is also not a bad game. I love
Terraria. I've played a lot of Terraria.
Ooh, maybe I could play some Terraria
here on the channel in the future.
Uh thank you. You're the best teacher.
Thank you. Thank you for watching.
I'm glad that my videos can help.
All right, let's break this wool.
And let's place it.
Okay, we need more yellow wool.
We need more yellow wool. So, let's go
back down.
Let's get off of the ghast.
Okay.
Let's shear some more sheep
to collect some more yellow wool.
More yellow wool.
Okay.
And we're going to have to wait for
these sheep to grow more wool.
So, while we're waiting, let's work on
the carrot farm.
I want to build the carrot farm again in
the ocean.
My little kids really enjoy your
Minecraft series. Oh, I'm so glad.
Thank you for watching.
You forgot to switch your screen back to
the game. Oh, my.
Thank you. Thank you, number one fan.
>> [sighs]
>> Okay.
Where's my boat?
Oh, my boat's all the way over there.
>> [gasps]
>> That llama almost walked in the lava.
Be careful, villager.
Be careful.
This lava here is pretty dangerous.
This isn't a very good spot for this
lava.
But I don't know where else to put it.
Okay.
Let's get in our boat.
My carrot farm is going to be smaller
than my potato farm.
Let's build the carrot farm
right here.
Yeah.
Let's get some dirt.
And let's swim down to the bottom
of this water.
And I'll place some dirt. Uh-oh, a
zombie.
Okay.
Oh, no.
Go away.
Go away, zombie.
I'll place a torch here
for some light.
And now
I'm going to build another circle, just
like my potato farm.
There's a fish.
Okay.
And a little bit more. Oops.
Maybe I'll make it one block bigger.
One on this side.
And
there we go.
Okay, so this will be a small carrot
farm.
We'll place some more dirt.
I'm going to make a circle.
One more.
Okay.
Let's get some more dirt.
Cool.
Halfway done.
And just one more section.
There we go.
Hmm.
Okay.
Now, let's get some polished deepslate.
And I'll place this around
the dirt.
>> Let's push this boat out of the way.
Push, push.
Okay.
More deep slate.
And one here. There we go.
Now I place the deep slate around the
dirt.
Now I can place the fences.
Let's get our fences, place them all
around the dirt.
We're placing the fences on top of the
deep slate.
A spider. Oh, what's that?
Is that armor?
It's armor. It's leather armor.
I'm going to pick up that armor. Let's
kill this spider. Die. Die.
Some armor.
Okay.
And let's swim back to the farm.
And we'll continue placing our fences.
Fences.
Fences. There we go.
Um here we have some torches. We're
going to need more torches.
But for now, let's place some torches
here on the fences.
And I'll pick up this torch and I'll
move it
to this fence post.
Okay.
Wow.
I found a full set of leather armor.
Let's re-equip the shield.
Okay. Now I need to go back home to pick
up a hoe.
Let's break this fence.
Actually, I'm going to need space for
the gates.
So, I'll break that fence. I'll break
this fence.
This fence and this fence. There we go.
We'll have four entrances.
Now I'll get back in the boat.
And let's sail home.
Let's sail home.
Can you make this kind of video using
Minecraft pictures of the items? I can't
attach the link.
Uh English for beginners first 100 days.
Make a video about items in Minecraft?
That could be cool.
I did make one video kind of like that.
Um it was called English 101. You should
look for it on my channel.
Um I think I think it was about tools.
All right, let's go to sleep.
This is not an advertisement.
>> [laughter]
>> All right.
Day 56. We've survived 56 days.
Let's see if our sheep have grown more
wool.
We got our shears.
Not really.
Hmm. These sheep need more grass to eat.
I have an idea.
I'm going to take some of my fences
and I'll place them here.
And now
I'll break these fences.
Okay.
Now these sheep have more space so they
can eat
this grass.
When they eat the grass, they grow their
wool.
Now I can shear the sheep.
Okay.
Now they're growing their wool faster.
Do we have more wheat? Yes, we do.
Let's breed more sheep.
More sheep.
We're going to need a lot of yellow
wool.
More baby sheep.
Now we have lots of baby sheep.
Okay.
And I'll break this fence and replace it
with this fence gate
that can open and close.
Okay. We found 24 more wool.
Let's continue building
our sign.
Where is my happy guest?
Hmm.
Oh, there it is.
Jump.
I can't reach.
Come here, happy guest. Oh, maybe I can
climb this vine.
Climb.
Come here, guest.
Oh, I can't reach it.
I need my snowballs.
Kenzo, uh on the next year I'm minding
to travel to travel to Canada.
Oh.
You're thinking about traveling to
Canada to study English?
That could be a good idea. Mhm.
I need some snowballs.
Okay.
Let's eat some more pork chops.
You know what? My kids always get
excited about the failed jumps in your
Minecraft season. And you said you
should stop doing that.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, sometimes the failed jumps are the
most fun.
I am I'm afraid to fail
on a jump
in this series though because this is
hardcore
and if I die, this series is over. It's
done. So, I have to be very careful.
Yeah, because my English is bad and
Italian isn't a known language to travel
a lot.
Oh, I see.
Well, it sounds like you're improving
your English.
You hope to travel a lot of places?
English is a good language for
traveling. It's spoken
all over the world.
Okay.
Come on, guest.
There we go.
Let's finish building our P, the letter
P.
Um
Let's see.
Maybe like this.
Let's see if this looks good or bad.
Um
Maybe it's okay.
And a space. And here we'll need another
P.
Oops.
Come on. There we go.
Once again, I'm going to put away the
shield.
Almost done.
Okay.
Cool.
S U P P. Now we need an O.
Let's build an O right here.
Um
Maybe I'll place a dirt block right
here.
And now underneath we'll place
wool. There we go.
Ah.
My mistake.
Break this wool and pick it up.
Okay.
Dirt.
Wool.
There's an O.
Next, we need the letter R.
Ah.
It's hard to place blocks while flying
on the ghast.
Let's break this wool.
And
I'm out of yellow wool.
Hey man, I just arrived here. Uh what
are you writing? I'm writing the word
supporters.
This is going to say
This is going to be a wall for my
supporters on Kofi.
So this is going to say the word
supporters.
But I need more yellow wool.
So let's go back down.
Down, down, down.
And I'm going to jump off.
All right.
I'll get my shears.
I'll collect a little bit more wool.
That's it.
Yep, that's it.
Okay.
I got six more yellow wool.
While I'm waiting for the sheep to grow
grow their wool,
I can continue working on the farm.
Let's see.
Did you Let's see.
Do you have an Instagram or TikTok
profile because I don't have them?
I do. Yes, I do have an account on
Instagram and TikTok. They're all called
English from the ground up. The same is
my YouTube channel. So yeah,
I do have pages on Instagram and TikTok.
I'm going to put away this stuff.
I'm going to put away all this.
I don't need this stuff.
I don't need leather armor. I don't need
seeds.
I do need carrots.
Okay.
Let's pick up a hoe.
Do I have a hoe?
Maybe in my tools chest.
I have a copper hoe, but it's almost
broken.
Um
I'm going to need to build a new one.
I need to build a new hoe, so we need
two iron and some sticks.
Okay.
Two sticks and two iron makes an iron
hoe.
And I'll also need a bucket.
A bucket.
All right.
Let's pick up some water.
And I'll get in my boat.
And let's sail over to
the little carrot farm.
Hello, uh
6456.
Welcome.
All right.
Um in the middle
right here.
In the middle, I'll place my water.
We'll pour out our water right here.
And now I'll till all of this
All right.
Now I'll get some carrots.
And let's plant our carrots.
We're planting lots of carrots.
All right.
Now I just have to wait for them to
grow.
Let's get back in our boat.
Oh, I also need to build some fence
gates
for these openings.
Okay.
Back home.
It's night time.
Let's get out of our boats.
And let's go inside.
Um I don't [clears throat] know if it's
right.
I think it's
Have you been play soccer? Oh, wait,
wait, wait.
Oh, no.
There are tons of zombies here.
They're trying to break down my door.
Okay, sorry.
Um
the right way to say that would be would
be have you played soccer or have you
been playing soccer?
Would probably be how I'd say that.
Let's go to sleep.
Any more yellow wool?
A little bit.
Yellow wool.
These sheep need more grass to eat.
Oh, a creeper. Uh-oh.
No, no, no, no, no. Stay away, creeper.
I want my fence.
There we go. I picked up my fence.
Where is the creeper?
Come on, creeper. This way.
Come on. Let's go over to the water.
Over to the water.
This creeper can explode here in the
water.
Oh, but I don't have my shield.
I don't have my shield.
Okay.
We're safe.
Let's pick up this XP.
I'm going to take back my shield. I do
need my shield.
Okay.
I'm from Russia and I'm watching all of
your podcasts. They're interesting.
Thanks for watching. Thanks for
watching. I'm glad that you're enjoying
my videos.
>> [snorts]
>> Let's see if there's more yellow wool.
I'm going to finish this sign.
And then I'll end this live stream.
I need these baby sheep to grow because
these baby sheep are eating all the
grass.
I need these adult sheep to eat the
grass so they can grow their fur like
this, their wool.
Another creeper.
Oh, no.
Go away, creeper.
Go away.
Die.
I killed it. I killed the creeper.
More XP.
Hello, Will.
Welcome.
They've already grown more wool.
More wool.
There we go. There we go.
Now we're getting some yellow wool. Now
we have 25.
Um 27.
Okay.
That might be enough.
We're getting close to being finished
with our sign.
Come on, ghast.
There we go.
Let's fly over to the sign.
And let's get our yellow wool.
I think I'm going to put some yellow
wool in the corners.
In the corners of this O.
Like this.
There we go.
I think that's a little bit better.
S U P P O R. Now we need to make an R.
Um
Let's get our dirt.
Place our yellow wool. Let's fly it
down.
Go like this.
Does that look like an R?
Yeah, kind of.
Now we need a T.
Ooh.
Breaking blocks is very slow when you're
flying on the ghast.
I think I'm going to have to make this
wall wider.
But that's okay.
T
Oh, we need to go down.
Now we need an E, the letter E.
Let's fly it down.
Come on.
There we go.
Oops. Oops.
I was putting that on the T.
My mistake.
I dropped some yellow wool.
T
E
There we go.
And once again, I'm out of yellow wool.
Make more live streams. I will. I'm
going to try to live stream every week.
Do you like the track Prequel by Falling
in Reverse? I haven't heard it. I
haven't heard that song.
How close are we? S U P P O R T E
R S. So we need to finish the E and then
we just have two more letters.
So we just need a little bit more wool,
just a little bit.
Open.
Close.
Come on.
Maybe I'll let some of these sheep out.
There we go.
Come on. Come on.
Okay, I closed it. Now these sheep will
eat
all this grass.
Come here.
Come on.
Eat.
This sheep is eating some grass.
More wool.
This little sheep is eating.
Come on.
This baby sheep is eating more
than the adult sheep.
Come on.
Look at that.
This baby sheep has eaten three times,
four times.
This baby sheep is very hungry.
Oh.
This sheep is running away.
Come on. Eat. Eat.
There we go. Finally.
Let's get a little bit more wool.
Okay.
I think 22 is pretty good.
I think 22 should be enough.
22 wool
Where is Oh, there it is.
I would like live streams every day.
More streams, more listening practice.
Yep.
I'm going to try to stream
once each week, but maybe I can do it
more often in the future.
But I'm going to start with once a week.
All right.
We finished the E.
Now we need another R.
So each of these letters is three blocks
wide.
We'll build an R right here.
Oops.
Dirt
Okay.
It's another R.
And now the final letter.
Another S.
2 3
4 5 6 7 Oh, no.
Ah.
I'm getting off of the ghast. I'm
getting off of the ghast.
Ah.
Okay, I just need two more yellow wool.
And it's night time.
So let's go to sleep.
Uh-oh, monsters.
Run. Run. Run. Run.
I can hear skeletons shooting at me.
Woah.
There's a witch. Okay.
Let's go inside and let's go to sleep.
What are you going to build in the
future? I don't know. You tell me. Give
me some suggestions for things that I
should build in the future.
Maybe I'll build them.
I want to build an aquarium in the
future. [clears throat] An aquarium with
lots of fish.
Let's get some food.
I'm going to eat.
Refill my hunger.
Okay.
We need a little bit more wool.
There we go.
These sheep are free.
They're free to leave.
All right.
We have our yellow wool.
I need my snowballs.
Come here, ghast.
Uh-oh.
Die. Die. Die.
I'm poisoned.
Come here, ghast.
Will this stream be available on the
channel? Yes, it will be.
This stream will be on my channel just
like my other videos.
Oh.
I need to be very careful.
Because I'm poisoned.
Look at my yellow sheep.
It just ate some grass.
There's a chicken.
That sheep still hasn't eaten.
I'm going to eat some pork chop
>> [sighs]
>> so I can begin healing.
Okay.
Now I'll get my shovel,
my diamond shovel,
and I just need to break this dirt.
Okay.
There we go. I broke all the dirt.
I'm going to fly this way
so I can get far away from my sign.
And let's turn around.
Ta-da!
Okay.
Cool.
I need to extend
the wall this way
so it's as wide as the sign.
But I like it.
It looks good.
I'm going to destroy this dirt
staircase.
Let's get off of the ghast.
Okay.
And let's walk up.
And I'll break this dirt, but first I'll
pick up this dirt.
Let's pick up the dirt.
Okay.
Now I'll break this dirt.
There we go.
All right.
And I think I'm going to extend this
wall
off camera
because I'm going to end this live
livestream right here.
But
thanks for watching. Thanks for Thanks
for joining my first Minecraft
livestream. I'm going to be doing these
weekly.
So, tune in for the next one and I'll
see you guys next time.
See you later.